---
layout: post
permalink: /articles/domains/
title: Domains For Sale
description: Here is the list of domains I currently selling, also included a little info about what I was going to do with each. Please make an offer.
tags:
- domain
comments: false
---

<p>Hello, my name is Kennedy and I'm an domainaholic. It may not be easy for me to admit to others that I need help, but the sooner I get rid of these the happier the wife will be.</p>
<p>I'm not looking to make enough money to <a href="http://i.imgur.com/kU53Cxi.gif">dive in a pool of coins</a>, but it would be nice to pay myself back for holding the domains and maybe something a little extra for the wife, like a <a href="http://i.imgur.com/K6HNDHe.gif">Cat Crossbow</a>. Some of them I have a twitter handle and even designs.</p>
<p>Here is the list of domains I'm currently selling, also included a little info about what I was going to do with each. Please make an offer.</p>

<dl>
  <dt>5ft18.com</dt>
  <dd>I stand 6' 6" and I get asked how tall I am all the time. I always tell them 5' 18" and make them do the math.</dd>
  <dt>adsperience.com</dt>
  <dd>An idea a friend and I had for an ad network, never really took off. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>agendastatus.com</dt>
  <dd>A was thinking of changing the name of <a href="https://www.statuschart.com">Status Chart</a> for a brief second.</dd>
  <dt>atxbrewery.com</dt>
  <dd>Thought it would be cool to open a brewery in Austin, TX.</dd>
  <dt>bettawars.com</dt>
  <dd>Live Betta fish wars. JK, I was thinking this could be some kind of PETA stunt.</dd>
  <dt>bonapartegroup.com</dt>
  <dd>I was trying to come up with a good "business group name". For what ever reason I thought of Napoleon Bonaparte.</dd>
  <dt>buildanditerate.com</dt>
  <dd>Inspired by <a href="http://methodandcraft.com">Method &amp; Craft</a>. Was thinking about making a blog about building startups. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>caroslide.com</dt>
  <dd>Mix between a carousel and a slide. Thought about making a jQuery slider plugin.</dd>
  <dt>cobraeffect.com</dt>
  <dd>It is a real phrase, look it up. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobra_effect">Cobra Effect</a>: "The cobra effect occurs when an attempted solution to a problem actually makes the problem worse". Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>cocodenut.com</dt>
  <dd>A little site a built a long time ago to keep track of code I reused a lot. coCODEnut...you get it...</dd>
  <dt>didyouyawn.com</dt>
  <dd>Great domain for some mattress company for a little micro site. Wanted to have a video of people yawning with a question and two buttons. "Did you yawn", Yes or No.</dd>
  <dt>gammalaunch.com</dt>
  <dd>When you are out of beta and too cool for it. Don't know why I got this.</dd>
  <dt>gatorcitynv.com</dt>
  <dd>A local bar in Gainesville, FL. I was planing hitting them up and trying to sell them the domain and a website.</dd>
  <dt>gatorcityxs.com</dt>
  <dd>A local bar in Gainesville, FL. I was planing hitting them up and trying to sell them the domain and a website.</dd>
  <dt>gothamx.com</dt>
  <dd>Just like the way it sounded. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>ihave5dollars.com</dt>
  <dd><a href="https://twitter.com/JessicaKRoy">@JessicaKRoy</a> said something on twitter asking who owned this domain, saw it was available and got it. Currently pointing it to <a href="https://www.statuschart.com/">Status Chart</a>. Her tweet was in reference to <a href="http://betabeat.com/2012/10/app-net-thinks-of-the-poors-lowers-yearly-membership-price-adds-monthly-plan">App.net Thinks of the Poors, Lowers Yearly Membership Price, Adds Monthly Plan</a>.</dd>
  <dt>kenindustries.com</dt>
  <dd>Another day of day dreaming about random domains.</dd>
  <dt>kennedysgym.com</dt>
  <dd>I might have been in the mood to open my own gym.</dd>
  <dt>minusapparel.com</dt>
  <dd>Had an idea for an apparel company that sold items for tall skinny people like myself. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>misterfing.com</dt>
  <dd>Wanted to make a website featuring beautiful apps. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>pappern.com</dt>
  <dd>A website with mobile app patterns.</dd>
  <dt>pixeloil.com</dt>
  <dd>Fun name, wanted to use it for a design agency. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>simpletank.com</dt>
  <dd>Used it for a e-commence that sold fish supply. Could also be used for some kind of game. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>stationmodelapp.com</dt>
  <dd>Oh you remember when everyone was making weather apps. I wanted to create one based off of the <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Station_model">Station Model</a>. </dd>
  <dt>stonedrepublic.com</dt>
  <dd>Thinking about building a website selling something along the lines of legalized medical marijuana products.</dd>
  <dt>thecobraeffect.com</dt>
  <dd>See "cobraeffect.com" above.</dd>
  <dt>thefreelancersnetwork.com</dt>
  <dd>As it sounds.</dd>
  <dt>tintproducts.com</dt>
  <dd>Great domain for selling Tinting supplies.</dd>
  <dt>todaywegive.com</dt>
  <dd>See "todaywegive.org" below.</dd>
  <dt>todaywegive.org</dt>
  <dd>Long story short I wanted to build a website where we showcased a new charity each day. I some awesome designs for this, let me know if you want to check them out. Also have the twitter handle.</dd>
  <dt>wordofpost.com</dt>
  <dd>Got this one long time ago. I was thinking about a new version of "word of mouth".</dd>
</dl>
